welcome my name is for fear and now I'm
going to talk about avatar in 2154
humans have depleted Earth's natural
resources leading to a severe energy
crisis the resources development
administration RDA for short minds for a
valuable mineral unobtainium on pandora
a densely forested habitable moon
orbiting the gas giant Polyphemus in the
Alpha Centauri star system pandora whose
atmosphere is poisonous to humans is
inhabited by the Navi a species of
ten-foot-tall 3.0 meters you skinned
sapien humanoids that live in harmony
with nature and worship a mother goddess
named a were to explore Pandora's
biosphere scientists use Navi human
hybrids called avatars operated by
genetically matched humans jakesully
a paraplegic former Marine replaces his
deceased identical twin brother as an
operator of one dr grace augustine head
of the avatar program considers Sully an
inadequate replacement but accepts his
assignment as a bodyguard while
escorting the avatars of Grace and
fellow scientist Dr norm Spellman as
they collect biological data
Jake's avatar is attacked by a
sanatorium flees into the forest where
he is rescued by Neytiri of female Navi
witnessing an auspicious sign she takes
him to her clan whereupon nitori's
mother MOA the clans spiritual leader
orders her daughter to initiate Jake
into their society
Colonel miles Quaritch head of our DA's
private security force promises jake
that the company will restore his legs
if he gathers information about the Navy
and the clans gathering place a giant
tree called home tree which stands above
the richest deposit of unobtainium in
the area when grace learns of this she
transfers herself Jake and warm to an
outpost over the following three months
Jake grows to sympathize with the
natives after Jake is initiated into the
tribe he and Neytiri choose each other
as mates and soon afterward jake reveals
his change of Allegiance when he
attempts to disable a bulldozer that
threatens to destroy a sacred navi side
when corage shows a video recording of
jake's attack on the bulldozer to
administrator Parker Selfridge and
another in which Jake admits that the
Navi will never abandon home treat
Selfridge orders home tree destroyed
despite Grace's argument that destroying
home treats would damage the biological
neural network native to Pandora
Selfridge gives Jake and grace one hour
to convince the Navi to evacuate before
commencing the attack while trying to
warn the Navi Jake confesses to being a
spy and the Navi take him in grace
captive seeing this foragers men destroy
home tree killing Nate Terry's father
the clan chief and many others MO are
freeze Jake and grace but they are
detached from their avatars and
imprisoned by Courreges forces pilot
Trudy Chaiken disgusted by Cora's
brutality freeze Jake Grace and warm and
air lifts them to Grace's outpost but
during the escape Quaritch fires of them
hitting grace to regain the Navy's trust
Jake connects his mind to that of toric
a dragon like predator fear Dan
by the Navi Jake finds the refugees at
the sacred tree of souls and pleads with
MOA to heal grace the clan attempts to
transfer grace from her human body into
her avatar with the aid of the tree of
souls but she dies before the process
can be completed supported by the new
chief [ __ ] Jake speaks to unite the
clan and tells them to gather all of the
clans to battle against the RDA noticing
the impending Gathering Quaritch
organizes a preemptive strike against
the tree of souls believing that its
destruction will demoralize the natives
on the IVA battle
Jake prays to eywa via a neural
connection with the tree of souls to
intercede on behalf of the Navi during
the subsequent battle the Navi suffer
heavy casualties including sue T and
Trudy but a rescued when Pandora and
Wildlife unexpectedly joined the attack
and overwhelmed the humans which Neytiri
interprets as a was answer to Jake's
prayer Jake destroys a makeshift bomber
before it can reach the tree of souls
Quaritch wearing an a MP suit escapes
from his own damaged aircraft and breaks
open the Avatar link unit containing
Jake's human body exposing it to
Pandora's poisonous atmosphere moorage
prepares to slit the throat of Jake's
avatar but Neytiri kills Quaritch and
saves jake from suffocation with the
exceptions of jake norman a select few
others all humans are expelled from
pandora and sent back to earth after
which jake is permanently transferred
into his avatar with the aid of the tree
of souls thank you all for watching
don't forget to subscribe and hit the
bell notification for more of these
videos